I was talking to you. I don't... with the council repeat the last part.
So what did I can understand? You mean the lay sentence to the lay sentence?
Yes. He thinks that he should be a general and work from the pink house of the wall law.
That was the lay sentence to the lay sentence.
I haven't got a copy of the lecture.
Yes, sir.
And the discussion of course is with reference to both of the lectures this year.
Well, I didn't mean that. I think it's fine. I thought there was something that the senator from Wisconsin talked about.
The secretary of the senator is something being eliminated.
And the secretary had our fight in doubt.
He was meeting this second for two patients at the end of the board's weekend.
Some of them are tied to physical positions, that had indicated certain words that had been doing it.
According to his recollections. The witness says that it's in the case they call the master's relation of any work.
Thank you, sir.
Meeting further. Secretary Arnie.
That is where my partner was from, right from the start.
He never had done or said anything that spared me on this situation at all, other than to take a friendly interest in the senator.
He said in the consideration and asked if he'd be immediately assigned.
Well, I was next to putting the committee. He thought I had thrown back on the committee.
And for God's sake, don't sell blank line. And as I understand it, all of the members of this subjectivity have agreed to die.
So do let me, let me. That's correct.
I did correct for you.
For God's sake, don't sell blank line. Anything of this before you go right back and sell life. Secretary Arnie.
Thank you.
I'm not leaving. I think you should explain because somebody not involved in this conversation.
None of the tent's moving.
There's no witness doing.
I think it's only fair.
So you can ask any.
Or to face him and find anyone else with the committee is raising an amount of this.
The federal government are together on the outside.
We'll hold a conversation for the committee.
I wasn't bringing his name in.
I just thought that the committee was about to start talking about this in my service.
And the minister has this chairman that's a little bit of a reason to this name.
The reason is that it's called the new wise, all the different things, whatever.
For God's sake, I do not need. I would rather not tell anybody anything.
And as far as what you have said,
I am not going to do anything except to have you go to the regular thing.
Maybe a weekend, a year or a year, or something of that kind.
Actually, on the two week thing,
I said I have personally arranged this thing because I wanted to be available
to have the committee get along further with this thing.
That is the way the thing was done.
The federal consorts in there before the vat first.
Thank you, partners.
I put some vat in the chat.
I was just about to start.
I'm sure the reason is because we just about to end because it's very well reported together
otherwise the hydrally leading back for a very short time.
Actually, on the two week thing, I said I have personally arranged this thing
because I wanted him to be available to have the committee to get along further with this thing.
Four dollars.
Correct with two.
That's the way the thing was done.
And I felt that was the proper way to handle it.
I think I know what you mean.
And I will handle it in the proper way along the lines you have been talking about.
Senator, if you put them into service to work with the committee,
I'll know the whole way through.
That's about right, Mr. President.
The reason that they calling me not to play favors because anyone is going to committee.
I think the lawyer states that he can make him come back for weekends with something
so his verdict won't get too long for him.
Maybe if he's received his hair off, he won't want to come back.
I think every day, I appreciate your whole attitude on this yesterday.
Have I corrected it in the solution?
Yes, sir.
I think now whether or not you've monitored another call facing between the sector there
and in front of the matri-d.
I'll recall, is that correct?
Yes, sir.
What's the date of the next one, Mr. Lucas?
14 January, 1954.
Do you have a copy every before you?
Yes, sir.
Was that call correctly monitored?
I will now read it and ask you the following.
14 January, 1954, 245 PM, Senator McCarthy returns like they see them fall.
Steven.
I want to thank you, first of all, for that marvelous cheese you and Jeannie.
We're both late for you, Joe.
I am going to the far east on Sunday and I would like to begin to have you work me in somewhere on your schedule.
And I don't care much when.
I would like to have a little bit of it.
McCarthy.
Anytime you're technically with DOC because I'm leaving you nice to go to Boston, and I will be gone.
Fire is off.
Correct, Mr. Lucas?
Yes, sir.
At two o'clock I have a meeting with the first committee on my birthday.
I have to go out and have a different fee.
Steven.
How long will that meeting take place?
McCarthy.
I expect quite a struggle over there.
Steven.
It will be in or out of order to have refreshments with you.
Is that something to correct?
Yes, sir.
McCarthy.
I would say that that day much.
Steven.
Shall we go to the regular place or somewhere else?
McCarthy.
Why don't you drop over here about five o'clock and we will go across the streets and have refreshments together?
Is that something to correct, Mr. Lucas?
Yes, sir.
I've spoken back down there after that and indicated that the appointment was firm that did not take no time.
Mr. Lucas, are there other calls that could face the treaty sector and the Army and Senate and McCarthy, which have been monitored by you?
No sir, that's my name.
I'll ask you to stand aside.
I'll rather exchange things with Mr. Rose.
Mr. Rose, please say whether or not you monitor the telephone call,
I think between the Secretary of the Army and Senator McCarthy, Mr. Dester, how many are there?
One sir.
The day that it's least 25th February 1954, I've used the right to monitor these.
Yes, sir.
What's this one?
This one is session, sir.
If I'm on here at 10 a.m., and I checked with, I had a little doubt about it over the weekend, and I checked with the telephone record to the Pentagon,
and it was initiated at 9.30 in the morning, about five minutes to get the call through.
Was that exception, this is a correct transcript of that telephone call, Mr. Rose?
Yes sir.
Do you have a copy of it before you?
Yes, sir, I do.
I will ask you to follow me, Mr. Rose, Senator Mataji, as I speak, to read it into the record, and the act I shall have finished reading, and then say whether or not you can, I'll finish the record rare.
You need both, Mr. President.
But in February 19th, 54th, 10 o'clock AM, 6th day, the Army's following the Senate, and I'm going to Mr. Stevens.
I'll tell you why I'm calling you.
I didn't find out until late last night, where you were staying, to bring you to the event over yesterday on the Hill and call on the various members of the U.S. Committee.
It is him that happened to be over there, and that included Senators, Dersen, Father, Month, McCulloch, and Simon Good, because I was told...
I just get us to read those bad news.
You would read that slowly, and so I can understand.
Senator, I thought the Chief complaint against me was with our rent too slowly.
I used to be out here in his place, but I'm...
I'm just saying, we can get to Temple.
And I think you're afraid, please.
Thank you very much.
I didn't understand that with you receiving.
I'm not included in Senators, Dersen, Father, Month, McCulloch, and Simon Good.
Because I was told, except the reports I had, and I'm very, very glad I had a vote against them, but I didn't get that.
When you fly, it's the worst that month.
And when I read the whole sentence, I think your voice is a little lower than that.
I think it's better.
This is my voice.
It's lower.
Maybe you're getting it.
I was getting it.
Mr. Stevens, I'll tell you why I am calling you.
I didn't find out until late last night, when you were saying to tell you that I went over yesterday on the hill,
and called on the various members of your subcommittee.
Any of them that happened to be over there, as that included Senators, Dersen, Father, Months, McCulloch, and Simon Good.
Because I was so upset for the reports I had on the executives' appearance of General Flicker,
and what's written his reaction to it while, that I just feel and vanish to the officer's cordley army I had to do for the matter.
Just say it in a second.
So, I think the best thing for you to do is not to fall in the old position of the previous administration.
I think you've got a wonderful opportunity here, Robert.
You neither set this course for a house meeting.
This division is the Congress knows about the figures, nobody ever has they are.
The other person tried to cover up everything, gone on the board.
That would be impossible, out of Gen.V.D.
I've had a most infotain session with the General.
I've got the letter, which I am sure you didn't write.
You see this? I was completely in on that letter, George.
That letter was a result of careful consideration right here in my office.
In fact, I took it home and worked on it one evening, Senator MacGything.
There's something radically wrong with the advice you have on that,
and tell you that the commissionings of Communists,
while and all they're against discrimination because of political belief, that is, George,
you don't recognize that, Mr. Stevens.
That is exactly what has been used in referring to the type of thing you go.
Senator MacGything, let me ask you this.
If it's your position, if you're going to try to keep from us the names of the officers who protected the Eastman,
Mr. Stevens, I'm going to try to prevent my officers from going before your committee,
and then you and I have an understanding as to seem to be a few slayer going to get it.
Take care of yourself, Senator MacGything.
You will not protect them from going before our committee.
You are not going to be in a position to keep us from calling them in or not.
Mr. Stevens, you and I can debate this thing,
that I don't want to make outstanding officers like General Swicker
and some records decorated in some sort of drawer times.
It's about two days since that right in the school, I think that's an intersection there, sir.
I think you've found an intersection by Senator MacGything.
Well, I know, he's an Senator MacGything.
You're not going to always even up to appear before my committee.
Just go ahead and try it, Robert.
I am going to keep the names out of anyone who protects Communists.
If that is the policy of you, you just go ahead and do it.
I will gain to you that you will live to regret it.
You got to recognize the road, yes sir.
There is no reason why the city administration should protect
the introduction of Mr. Stevens.
Don't you know that Senator MacGything, let me finish.
This is your time, I didn't call you.
If you see the administration of the Army is going to try to protect the hang-horses mill,
that in turn protected Communists, the people will know about it.
And I'll again be your boss if you will learn before you are through
that instead of protecting Communists, you should be helping us on third of the House.
I didn't give...
I don't care whether or not there is... how's that?
I don't know what I hear.
When it comes before us with the Indian,
since it is in service, I expect those who appear out of guarantee
that the American people will know all about it.
Is that some type of reflection to those?
Yes sir.
Mr. Stevens.
That is certainly the reason we write it.
But let me assure you that you know this as well as I do,
that I have no intention of coming up in it,
communists or anything like that.
Senator MacGything.
That is exactly what the Army is doing now.
You're trying to tell us that you think
one color sees protecting this communist nature.
If you have nothing to hide, interrupt just Mr. Stevens.
I've done nothing to hide 100 percent, Senator MacGything.
If you get this straight saying Bob,
you are not only refusing to tell us who was responsible for the promotion.
The Honourable Judge of this man,
you are calling me this morning to tell me you are going to other officers
to be armed and not to come before our committee.
And I understand yesterday you went to see each member of the committee.
Did you go in there, Mr. Stevens?
Yes, I told him I was not going to let Drickler of fear on Tuesday.
I'm not going to say that I interrupts in Senator MacGything.
Would you continue to search for the Phoenix President of the Cross
Tuesday morning with Mr. Stevens?
I would take that on the excitement of Senator MacGything.
If you don't want to hear all right,
I am telling the first to shoot the bullet here.
If you decide not to, you will then take steps tomorrow.
I am all too with this stirring up of common.
I am sorry, Bob Stevens is one that is doing it too.
So please, if this point doesn't look like the unit of the phone,
please show it.
And has nothing to record?
Yes, sir.
Are there any other telephone calls that you know of?
That you know of, that the road, the place they have in place
between the Secretary of the Army,
and Senator MacGything, which has been monitored?
None monitored by myself, sir.
This pipe, while you're sitting where you are, you can hear me, I'm sure.
Do you have any monitoring telephone calls between the Secretary of the Army
and Senator MacGything?
What's the proof of reading of Senator MacGything's calls, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Dave Schring,
most of the way they told me one call,
was the Secretary Steven McCallman from Mr. Steven to Mr. Schring.
I asked Mr. Schring to be here this morning,
I believe Councillor Alston be here,
so that he might consent to have his call ready on my believes he's done.
I made the call even now, Mr. Chairman.
He said he didn't take it because I don't think I've got these calls,
because I actually called five at the time next.
But we'll go around around now.
Are you any Christian?
No, I have no public questions there.
Sure, I have only one.
Mr. Wold and Mrs. Pike and Mr. Lucas.
Do I ever send the calls to all of the calls now that
a monitoring concerning the target?
Do you have another?
That's right, that's correct.
I have no other Christian to send this, Mr. McCallman.
All I want to ask one question, all of us,
is that each of you, I think, I will look at it.
Where the monitoring calls would mind place
the military without any deletions whatsoever.
Each of you answer please, just a minute.
How about you, Mr. Lucas?
Well, you didn't delete anything, you just didn't include it.
Well, I mean, you didn't include the conversation about the other matter,
but I mean, it's far easier there than the deletions.
Correct.
Will you get the record only remaining, all of us?
All right.
We'll get to it.
Not too yet, sir.
Underjection.
Any questions?
I have too many questions to swear to the conversation
bread by the Comfort, the Nietzsche Neverian.
Underjection, I have to pick questions whether or not I
is correctly read the call.
That was six meters.
You all I didn't know that the answer was in the Affirmative of each answer.
That's not a pause, all of us.
That was three.
That's the great.
And I think we have to go through here.
We're just sharing the warning to 30% of the purchase.
That's right.
Otherwise it's all done.
30% of the price that it was at by Senator McCall, I would like it.
It's just a road downright, yes sir.
There were two words deleted yesterday for my testimony.
Five.
I beg you, five.
One of the words I think you might have taken down wrong when I asked
to be deleted.
The second word was deleted at the suggestion of the council.
Is that correct?
Yes sir.
And the more wise change the meaning of the conversation, whatever,
that was made perfectly clear.
And you agree that that's correct, so you cannot.
Yes sir.
Thank you.
From there, Gorshik.
Yes sir.
Hello.
Good afternoon, President.
There were some indications that we pressed yesterday last.
And giving these monitor calls to the press that I have made some deletions.
I'm afraid that while I'm not familiar with how I'm not so intensely as question about
having no deletions meant to call me, I've created the impression that
the order deletions meant to call me, is correct that the only deletions
from all of my calls were the name of an individual,
if I say don't tell why.
Why?
That's the only way.
Not my call, Fred.
I have to look at the way, Fred.
He said that's right.
So, so that, if you thought that complete,
that's the question of what you may not have gotten as you monitor them.
And the, the other thing that I asked you to delete was the name of one man,
was that nothing to do whatsoever with this comment.
That's right.
Yes sir.
Good.
And let's go on a round of applause.
I want to know if you know that my name and accept that last part,
which absolutely is not relevant to this kind of version of the subject that I call,
but I do want to confirm by the best part of the last one.
I was trying to do it in a really short time at the committee table of temporality,
while we meet your call into the reference,
so that you will have the same change in life as a principle,
very different things you would share with me.
You know it well.
Now in the doorway, and at the call to the street, and here he comes now.
Which, have you, of course, monitor for the time, so?
Let the look is so.
Proved G David Shine.
Did you remember the committee table besides Son of a McCartney?
I'm sorry, so I didn't hear the question.
Did time decide which of you monitor the time and time's cross?
I did.
Did you just one call?
Yes sir.
One call, monitor just by you, or one call of his monitors,
is made all the gifts.
There was only one call made all together, and I monitor it.
I monitor it.
I monitor it, sir.
Will you give it the date of that call?
21 October, 1953, and the hour of date.
922 am.
And the same preliminary questions that resume with the answer value
in the same manner as just as a complete.
Total factual reproduction of the call
as revered in which you were able to make it.
Your call which you were not able to capture all the words,
but in which you were interjected, no words that were not set.
Your call.
All right, Councilor Jenkins, if you have the call you may read it,
try the time and just press the money and get it in the way.
There was the other members of the cabinet, there's some sticks that you want to make,
and I'm going to have a mission or a deletion, you have that later.
Yes.
And now we're going to go around.
Thank you, Chairman.
Well, I had assumed that the mentors, Shine and Cohn and Carr,
would sign a consent to the admission of the telephone call.
I think the form of their consent is unimportant,
but I take it, Mr. Shine and Cohn, who our president,
will confirm all of the in the record that their consent to the admission of the call
is now awkwardly shared.
Thank you.
Now, in further evidence, the head of this, the form of the Indian director.
I do serve.
And Mr. Cohn, I gather all the on the yield confirmed that you have your form of the...
Yes, sir.
I confirm the fact that those calls submitted in compliance with the subpoenas,
through Mr. Jenkins, which have been displayed for me as the telephone call with me,
may be admitted into the record.
And now you are in position to do the same for Mr. Cohn.
Yes.
That's our secretary, Mr. Welk.
We'll have Mr. Sanders.
Could you please read the number of new mums,
here's a telephone call placing the finger check here,
the Army, Mr. Stevens, and that, and G. David Shine.
Yes, sir.
I want to give you a good later that call, Mr. Lucas.
21 October, 1953, 922 AM.
For the benefit of the record, Mr. Lucas, you understand the fact that Mr. Shine was a private citizen
and modern and nothing in the Army.
Yes, sir, I understand that.
Mr. Lucas, do you mind if you think that Mr. Shine wants to give you a gift in the record?
If you please, sir.
Now, Mr. Lucas, you have a copy of that monitoring of the call before you.
Yes, sir.
You can't say that you're sorry.
You just create a substantial issue.
Yes, sir.
I will now read it, Mr. Lucas, an ice-cream to follow me,
and point out any discrepancies.
There may be between you copy and the copy which you're sitting and delivered to me.
Yes, sir.
Sir, G. Stevens calls with David Shine as May Hill 8-0-1-1-0.
From his office in the Pentagon, 21 after the 1950s to V9-22 AM.
Reach on the Hill 8-0-1-1-1-0, Secretary Stevens.
Call him a fourth day, he's full close.
Is that right?
Shine.
I'm sorry, I missed you yesterday, Stevens.
I thought you were coming down.
Shine.
I was also set to go, and the pilot told me at the last minute that the fault wouldn't commit the claim to take off.
Stevens.
In New York, Shine, yes.
They told me a fault that's been over Governor's Island practically every day.
And sometimes it's fair, and sometimes it doesn't.
Sometimes it's fair, and sometimes it doesn't.
Stevens.
While it was a little easy and mumble, it was perfectly all right to the fly.
I would rather have talked with you, if persons, than to have called you on the phone.
But since I didn't get to you in person, and I'm about to leave on a quick tip to California,
I wanted to tell you I have reviewed this whole situation with Mr. Wilson, and that's just a list.
When there are me, there are I can see any appropriate ways to avoid the basic claims.
I think that if you do, that it is almost a month, in the situation as it's now is this,
that you're going over the situation three times now, in survival you're concerned.
It is Mr. Wilson's and my condition that that is the wise thing to do, Dave, and that having them met,
then I think there is an excellent chance that we can pick you up and use you in a way that would be useful to the country and yourself.
Just thought that would be, I don't know.
I can't define it now because I haven't gotten to that point, but there is something.
All my mind and one that I would make every effort to carry out, I personally would like to arrange it in such a way that you would come into this army,
our military establishment in such a way that you could use the knowledge and ability you have in certain fields.
But I don't discuss it over the phone, but that is the never-beard.
I would visit Mr. Wilson. We discuss it at a considerable length, and we both felt that it would be a big mistake to attempt in any way to do anything until you had taken the basic training.
Then we feel our hands are free to make some kind of a plan that would work outside of such a way that you have been using the government and for everybody.
I am certainly happy to know you are talking over with Mr. Wilson, and if you are both thinking about it, Steven, we are, Cheyenne.
Now, if you are going to California, Steven, I will be back here on Monday, Cheyenne.
Why are you going to in California, Steven? I will be all over the place.
I am going first to talk to the National Guard Association in San Diego tomorrow morning, and then I am doing public assistance just for my community.
I was pretty quick, if you would like to get hold of me, if you would call the office, they would be able to tell you just how to do it.
Cheyenne, obviously Colonel Boone, he was, Colonel Boone will be here.
He will know exactly how to get hold of me, and I will leave the light as he gives me at any time.
Steven, you are not going to a Cheyenne, I beg your pardon.
You are not going to Los Angeles, Steven.
No, I am going to San Diego, and I am going to overfly Los Angeles, Cheyenne.
I hope you will have a nice trip, and we will probably have to talk to him over and create a lake sometime.
Steven, if you come down, I will be less delighted to see you, Cheyenne.
What will be hearing is that he will be shaping up in such a way that you will want to see them on some of them.
Steven, possibly so.
I will leave it somewhere there, or if you are down here, we will talk it over further. Cheyenne.
I will maybe talk to you when you get back from the way, but I am not correctly ready to get conversation with Mr. Lucas as you have it, Ted.
That is right.
There was at the beginning, I have sent to a Steven's return the call of David Schurren, Richard of the same burial number.
Well, that is not on, and let me raise the way I have it again, and then you collect it.
You are talking about the heading now, the second.
Secretary Steven's call to David Schin at Murray Steel 8-0-1-0 from his office in the Pentagon on 21 October, 1950-922 AM.
Now, that is the way I get it the first time I am sure is that correct?
I believe that is the way that the panel is just different than you, Frank Schiff.
Yes, sir.
Can you reach your Constitution, Maus, too, Lucas?
On 21 October, 1953-922 AM.
Secretary Steven's return call of David Schin, Horren, reached Mr. Schin at New York NYC Murray-0-8-0-1-0 close friend.
You know all of the respect, Mr. Lucas.
All of the trans-fifishers identical.
How are we going to reflect it?
In the long path that Mr. Stevens brought mine lines down, I have, it is my honest conviction.
I believe you read something about Mr. Wilson.
I think it's just the lady here, Secretary.
Ah, Mr. Lucas, I didn't follow you.
I'll reach one.
Yes, sir.
Honouration, Mr. Stevens, mine lines down.
You forward, Secretary.
Certainly.
Do you read it to where you had it?
And after going over the situation three times out into far as you are concerned, it is my honest conviction.
But I have it, and I read it, it is Mr. Wilson's and my conviction.
Yes, sir.
But you have it, it is my honest conviction.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
I have it.
You will proceed.
In other respects, is it correct?
Yes, sir.
So, if the others were very minor, was Wood and Cod or Well and Wood?
It is no last chance, no, sir.
I like to hear Chairman.
And any other senators who desired to look at the head of this document from which I read,
had confirmed the fact that I read it correctly, that right, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman.
What was the consulate's file where they...
Where this copy came from?
No, thank you, Chairman.
Mr. Jackson.
Mr. Chairman.
If I could get it, Mr. President.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I think Mr. Jenkins, you will agree with me that the copy you have read was taken by the case over the telephone.
Mr. Well, it would be else to say that fact now.
Frankly, I do not know.
No, not by telephone, I'm sorry.
But it was taken by the case.
And I think the obviously the correct copy of the telephone call is the one in front of the record, from which he has made corrections in Newark.
And my suggestion, Mr. Jenkins, would be the copies of the...
That the Montenegroal, as a hearing before, is the notion that his file should be permitted to be permitted.
Rather than the title deal with your copy, which file the error is not serious, is somewhat different.
And then the K-DF, just a little further, Mr. Mucha, I read in the title, if you're suggesting, that the co-unit represents the sign I'm sure to do.
I don't know about that, sir, but I would like to present myself to this whole...
Well, that's what I'm expecting you to do.